nomad: Add client documentation for new fingerprint block. (#1399)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/nomad/v1.11.x/content/docs/configuration/client.mdx

  the Nomad client's environment. By default a minimal environment is set including
  a `PATH` appropriate for the operating system.

### `fingerprint` Parameters

- `name` `(string: "")` - The name of the fingerprinter the configuration
  applies to. This field is required and is provided as part of the block label.
  It supports `"env_aws"`, `"env_azure"`, `"env_digitalocean"`, and `"env_gce"`.

- `retry_attempts` `(int: 0)` - Specifies the maximum number of retry attempts
  to make before giving up. This field supports `-1` for unlimited retries, but

>   use is not recommended as this may cause the client to hang indefinitely on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to make before giving up. This field supports `-1` for unlimited retries, but
  we do not recommend `-1` as this may cause the client to hang indefinitely on
```
style nit: use "we" when stating what HashiCorp recommends
